We've covered so much in previous courses,
from the foundations of security to
a basic understanding of networks and
programming languages like SQL and
Python.
These concepts are core
knowledge when preparing for
a role in the security profession.
But how does this information help
you on a day-to-day basis?
And to whom do you communicate
this information?
In this course, we'll start by
discussing who stakeholders are.
Then, we'll identify their
roles in relation to security.
Finally, we'll share effective
communication strategies for
relaying key information to stakeholders.
But before we can communicate
with stakeholders,
we have to understand who they are and
why they're important.
So let's get started!